https://gdo-dcp.ucllnl.org/downscaled_cmip_projections/dcpInterface.html#Welcome


Acknowledgements and Citation of these Projections
Whenever you publish research based on projections from this archive, please include two acknowledgements:

First, acknowledge the superceding effort.
For CMIP3, the following is language suggested by the CMIP3 archive hosts at PCMDI: "We acknowledge the modeling groups, the Program for Climate Model Diagnosis and Intercomparison (PCMDI) and the WCRP's Working Group on Coupled Modelling (WGCM) for their roles in making available the WCRP CMIP3 multi-model dataset. Support of this dataset is provided by the Office of Science, U.S. Department of Energy." PCMDI also requests that in first making reference to the projections from this archive, please first reference the CMIP3 dataset by including the phrase "the World Climate Research Programme's (WCRP's) Coupled Model Intercomparison Project phase 3 (CMIP3) multi-model dataset". Subsequent references within the same publication might refer to the CMIP3 data with terms such as "CMIP3 data", "the CMIP3 multi-model dataset", "the CMIP3 archive", or the "CMIP3 dataset".

For CMIP5, , the model output should be referred to as "the CMIP5 multi-model ensemble [archive/output/results/of simulations/dataset/ ...]". In publications, you should include a table (referred to below as Table XX) listing the models and institutions that provided model output used in your study. In this table and as appropriate in figure legends, you should use the CMIP5 “official” model names found in "CMIP5 Modeling Groups and their Terms if Use" (pdf document, also in Word doc format). In addition, an acknowledgment similar to the following should be included in your publication:

“We acknowledge the World Climate Research Programme's Working Group on Coupled Modelling, which is responsible for CMIP, and we thank the climate modeling groups (listed in Table XX of this paper) for producing and making available their model output. For CMIP the U.S. Department of Energy's Program for Climate Model Diagnosis and Intercomparison provides coordinating support and led development of software infrastructure in partnership with the Global Organization for Earth System Science Portals.”

where, “Table XX” in your paper should list the models and modeling groups that provided the data you used. In addition it may be appropriate to cite one or more of the CMIP5 experiment design articles listed on the CMIP5 reference page.

Second, generally acknowledge this archive as "Downscaled CMIP3 and CMIP5 Climate and Hydrology Projections" archive at https://gdo-dcp.ucllnl.org/downscaled_cmip_projections/. To reference specific information in the archive, you may also use the following references:
(for original reference to this website) Maurer, E. P., L. Brekke, T. Pruitt, and P. B. Duffy (2007), 'Fine-resolution climate projections enhance regional climate change impact studies', Eos Trans. AGU, 88(47), 504.
(for reference to all BCSD and BCCA downscaled content, including CMIP3 and CMIP5), you can reference the technical memorandum using the following citation: Reclamation, 2013. 'Downscaled CMIP3 and CMIP5 Climate and Hydrology Projections: Release of Downscaled CMIP5 Climate Projections, Comparison with preceding Information, and Summary of User Needs', prepared by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation, Technical Services Center, Denver, Colorado. 47pp.
(for BCSD CMIP3 hydrologic projections) Reclamation, 2011. 'West-Wide Climate Risk Assessments: Bias-Corrected and Spatially Downscaled Surface Water Projections', Technical Memorandum No. 86-68210-2011-01, prepared by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation, Technical Services Center, Denver, Colorado. 138pp.
(for BCSD CMIP5 hydrologic projections) you can reference the technical memorandum using the following citation: Reclamation, 2014. 'Downscaled CMIP3 and CMIP5 Climate and Hydrology Projections: Release of Hydrology Projections, Comparison with preceding Information, and Summary of User Needs', prepared by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation, Technical Services Center, Denver, Colorado. 110 pp.
(for LOCA CMIP5 projections) you can reference: Pierce, D. W., D. R. Cayan, and B. L. Thrasher, Statistical Downscaling Using Localized Constructed Analogs (LOCA), Journal of Hydrometeorology, 15(6), 2558-2585, 2014.; and Pierce, D. W., D. R. Cayan, E. P. Maurer, J. T. Abatzoglou, and K. C. Hegewisch, 2015: Improved bias correction techniques for hydrological simulations of climate change. J. Hydrometeorology, v. 16, p. 2421-2442. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1175/JHM-D-14-0236.1.